Digitilisation and organisation wide oppurtunities after covid 19.

There is a saying that "necessity is the mother of invention" and that is what we have learnt in this pandemic.We believe that after this pandemic 
we will be back to the old normal but according to the recent surveys it will be more enhanced as a new normal where the organisation will be redifinig 
their technology transformations with the option of alternatives.

Digitilisation after covid 19:
 Digital content ,streaming and game sectors are well positioned to unlock the oppurtunities ,According to the recent survey conducted by the US polls states that there 
is a 50%  holdings of the global media which can not rely on traditional business models.Virtual reality is the more common-place as
the price of data becomes more affordable and infrastructure is adapted to enhance experiences.We have to enhance and integrate the digital economy to our daily lives.

Current scenario of COVID:

1.According to the cnbc reports:With more than 30 million people filing for unemployment
 in the past six weeks, the U.S. is predicted to experience a coronavirus-induced recession through 2021.
2.Following the pandemic, it’s likely that more Americans will split their time between working from home and from a corporate office, 
 says Brent Capron, the design director of interiors at architecture firm Perkins and Will's New York studio.

Organisation oppurtunities after COVID:

1.According to Gartner:"32% of organizations are replacing full-time employees with contingent workers as a cost-saving measure."
2.Organisation will be looking less of roles than the skill needed to drive the organisation's competitive advantage and the workf force which will fuel
  that adavantage.
3. Organisation's have to show how they are supporting employees despite the implementation of cost-saving measures. Where feasible, look for 
opportunities to arrange talent-sharing partnerships with other organizations.
4. Organisation's need to enable business units to customize performance management, because what one part of the enterprise needs might
not work elsewhere.
